Based on synergetic use of multi-scatterometers' data

>[!info] Subject expert
>Dr. Surisetty V V Arun Kumar

# Meta
>[!info] Miscellaneous
>- [[Synthetic aperture radar]]: get images from microwave sensor readings. Measures the back-scatter.
>- Average temperature of the earth is $15^{\circ}\mathrm{C}$
>- Paris agreement: 40% energy to be generated from renewable sources by participating countries, by 2030
>- National Offshore Wind Energy Policy 2015: to boost development of offshore wind farms within the Indian Exclusive Economic Zone
>- August 2023: installed capacity of wind power in India was 44 GW, $4^{\mathrm{th}}$ largest in the world
>- Potential wind resources estimated to be 49 GW to 302 GW
>- Synoptic data: data collected over a period of time
>

- Geostationary point: $36,000 \mathrm{\ km}$
	- Too high to get a back-scatter
	- Need a polar satellite with microwave sensors
	- Wind measuring satellites are called [[Scatterometers]]
		- Don't generate an image, give data in some other format
- [[Altimeters]], [[Scatterometers]], SAR: use microwave sensor readings to gather information, work in microwave range


>[!warning] Why aren't we dealing with onshore data?
>- Microwave radiation measurement techniques can't be used on land: the [[Back-scatter]] is due to buildings and other obstacles, whose signatures would be more.


>[!question] Differentiation between water and wind waves
>We can send different length of pulses. Water waves are generated due to local wave. Those cm level waves can be sensed by scatterometers. $\lambda$ of microwave is from $\mathrm{mm \to cm}$
>- Smaller waves (capillary gravity waves) are generated by local wind conditions

- To get the wind direction, observations are taken from different look angles
- Buoys networks in the ocean to get in-situ ocean data
___
[IPOWER - Indian Potential Offshore Wind Energy Resource (sac.gov.in)](https://vedas.sac.gov.in/ipower/index.html)